[NO-TICKET] - Setup analyst assignment (#1)
onefootball-data-interview/data-analyst-assignment: README.md

# Pay-per-view

## Problem Formulation

Onefootball’s product is structured to target football fans of a specific team or league and provide them with a customized experience when consuming content and scores. The core of the platform is the Onefootball app, which sees up to millions of users every month.

> As part of it's strategic direction Onefootball has decided to enter the OTT business by providing the [first pay-per-view experience to its users](https://www.sportspromedia.com/from-the-magazine/onefootball-la-liga-ppv-streaming-rights-ott-franz-koch-von-cranach). Since the launch new partners have been onboarded and a dedicated cross-functional team works towards realizing the vision behind OTT. As an analyst, you are part of this team and contribute by providing insightful analysis. A current priority for the team is to get a better understanding about when customers start converting best towards the offering and have passed this on to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of its strategic direction Onefootball has decided to enter the OTT business by providing the [first pay-per-view experience to its users](https://www.sportspromedia.com/from-the-magazine/onefootball-la-liga-ppv-streaming-rights-ott-franz-koch-von-cranach). Since the launch, new partners have been on-boarded and a dedicated cross-functional team works towards realising the vision behind OTT. As an analyst, you are part of this team and contribute by providing insightful analysis. A current priority for the team is to get a better understanding about when customers start converting best towards the offering and have passed this on to you.
```

## Task Description

In `data/` you will find a zipped csv, that contains records for the purchase intention by customers for different games that have been offered. Users can have multiple intents before purchasing. The result of a single purchase intention is stored in the `result` column.
Next to the those records you have additional information for each user. All columns are described at the bottom.

Now, we would like to ask you to provide us with an analysis for the given problem using your `Python` or `R` skills. The expected delivery is a notebook that we will evaluate based on it's structure, code quality and approach.

## Instructions

Please fork the repo. In return invite `onefootball-data-interview` to your private fork and open a Pull Request to your private master that adresses the problem above. That make sure nobody but us can see what you commit.

We believe in starting a review early so you don’t get too far only to have to rewrite things after someone has made a great suggestion. If you are not familiar with git, [here](https://www.learnenough.com/git-tutorial/getting_started) is an intro to the most basic stuff.

> In our team you will have to work on github on a daily basis as its our main place where we make things move forward. A PR can also be used to ask questions, feel free to do so if something is unclear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our team you will have to work on github on a daily basis as it's the main place where we make things move forward. A PR can also be used to ask questions, feel free to do so if something is unclear.
```

# Pay-per-view

## Problem Formulation

Onefootball’s product is structured to target football fans of a specific team or league and provide them with a customized experience when consuming content and scores. The core of the platform is the Onefootball app, which sees up to millions of users every month.

> As part of its strategic direction Onefootball has decided to enter the [Over-the-top (OTT)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Over-the-top_media_service) business by providing the [first pay-per-view experience to its users](https://www.sportspromedia.com/from-the-magazine/onefootball-la-liga-ppv-streaming-rights-ott-franz-koch-von-cranach). Since the launch, new partners have been on-boarded and a dedicated cross-functional team works towards realising the vision behind OTT. As an analyst, you are part of this team and contribute by providing insightful analysis. A current priority for the team is to get a better understanding about when customers start converting best towards the offering and have passed this on to you. Questions raised during the weekly team meeting were:

Reviewer: These lines are too long.
You could install this VSCode extension `mardownlint` https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint
Or you can install it with `npm` and run it from the command line directly https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint

Author: I installed `markdownlint` and now I receive this in the output:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17352478/76209349-fdc11400-6201-11ea-927e-8835e20c738b.png)
Also used the `fix supported markdownlint violations` feature. but not sure if this affected the line lenght.

Reviewer: (that's what happens when you suggest something you haven't tested) 
You can check the linting rules I put in place for dbt markdowns [here](https://github.com/motain/dbt-models/blob/master/ci/onefootballstyle.rb) (it's not using that library but its ruby equivalent instead).
So now, you can go in your VSCode user settings and apply similar custom rules.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7823843/76210880-4fb76900-6205-11ea-9b35-bfbfc42315d4.png)
Click edit in JSON and add this at the end
```json
  "markdownlint.config": {
    "default": true,
    "MD013": { "code_blocks": false, "line_length": 110 },
  }
```
it should light up now
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7823843/76210912-5c3bc180-6205-11ea-88d7-341e215cd387.png)

In our team you will have to work on github on a daily basis as it's our main place where we make things move forward. A PR can also be used to ask questions, feel free to do so if something is unclear.

## Dataset field description
```
purchase_intent_id: the unique identifier of the table
user_id: the identifier for a user
operating_system: the sytem used on the device
device_mode: the type of device used
lifetime_session_count: the accumulated number of sessions the use has had since his first open
first_app_open: the timestamp of the first open
has_fav_team: boolean, if a user has a favourite team set in his profile
number_of_teams_followed: the count of teams followed besides the fav team
competition_name: name of the competition for which a purchase was intended
match_name: name of the match for which a purchase was intended
kickoff_at_utc: the kickoff timestamp of a match
purchase_intent_at: timestamp when a user finished
duration_in_sec: the conversion time till the intent was finished in seconds

> intent_result: the result of a single intent

Reviewer: Let's use a markdown table (+ fixed a couple typos)

```
| column_name              | description                                                              |
|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| purchase_intent_id       | the unique identifier of the table                                       |
| user_id                  | the identifier for a user                                                |
| operating_system         | the system used on the device                                            |
| device_mode              | the type of device used                                                  |
| lifetime_session_count   | the accumulated number of sessions the user has had since his first open |
| first_app_open           | the timestamp of the first open                                          |
| has_fav_team             | boolean, if a user has a favourite team set in his profile               |
| number_of_teams_followed | the count of teams followed besides the fav team                         |
| competition_name         | name of the competition for which a purchase was intended                |
| match_name               | name of the match for which a purchase was intended                      |
| kickoff_at_utc           | the kickoff timestamp of a match                                         |
| purchase_intent_at       | timestamp when a user finished                                           |
| duration_in_sec          | the conversion time till the intent was finished in seconds              |
| intent_result            | the result of a single intent                                            |
```
